When using far each loop to process each element of an array in addition to the value of each element
you can also access the index.
Let's look at an example here we have an array with three elements and a far each loop that's printing
out the value of each element of the array to access the index of each array element.
We add another variable to the far each loop like this.
You can call this variable whatever you like.
Then inside the far reach leaps code block this variable will contain the index of each erate element
in turn let's add this index to the airco statement displaying it before the value and also adding a
hyphen to separate them.
When we run this code by opening the script in the browser in addition to the value of each element
we can also see the index as we didn't assign any indexes manually.
The first element has an index of zero.
The second an index of 1 and so on.
Let's change the array and manually assign some indexes.
I've also put each index and value on a new line which is perfectly valid and makes it easier to read.
Now the first element as an index of a the second an index of B and the third c.
When we view this in the browser we can see these indexes displayed as before.
Just as before.
Here we have the articles variable that contains the array and the far each loop including the index
as the loop executes.
In addition to the value of each element of the array being assigned to the article variable the index
is also assigned to the index variable.
Then in the far each code block you can access the elements value and its index.